Dominance
(Task)

Conscientiousness
(Introvert)

D I
C S

Inﬂuence
(People)

Steadiness
(Extrovert)

“I praise You because I am fearfully and wonderfully made; Your works are
wonderful, I know that full well.”
Psalm 139:14

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

1

D

We are direct and decisive. We are risk takers and problem
solvers. We are more concerned with completing tasks and
winning than we are with gaining approval from people.
Though the internal drive tends to make us insensitive to
those around us, “D”s are not afraid to challenge the status
quo, and we thrive when it comes to developing new things
We need discipline to excel and respond to direct
confrontation. Our greatest fear is to be taken advantage
of, and even despite our possible weaknesses - which
include an aversion to routine, a tendency to overstep
authority, an argumentative nature, and a habit of taking on
too much - we place a high value on time and use our
innovative thinking to accomplish difficult tasks and
conquer challenges.

D/I We are curious concluders who place emphasis on the
bottom line and work hard to reach our goals. We are more
determined than we are inspirational, yet our high
expectations and standards for ourselves and those around
us typically cause us to make quite an impact, motivating
others to follow us. We have an array of interests and can
become distracted by taking on too many projects. We
often need to focus, prioritize, and simply slow down.
Because we thrive on activity and forward motion, we like
to accomplish tasks through a large number of people.
Joshua (Joshua 1), Noah (Genesis 6-9), Sarah (Genesis 16, 1 Peter 3:6)

D/S We are achievers with an ability to persevere. We are more
active than passive, but possess a kind of calm sensitivity
and steadiness that makes us good leaders. We seem to be
people-oriented but can easily be dominant and decisive
when it comes to tasks and project planning. We strive to
accomplish goals with ﬁerce determination that comes from
strong internal drive, but we could beneﬁt from
contemplative and conservative thinking as well as
spending more time focusing on relationships.
Daniel (Daniel 1-6), Job (Job 1:5, James 5:11), Martha (Luke 10:38-42)

D/C We are challengers that can either be determined students
or deﬁant critics. Being in charge is important to us, yet we
care little about what others think as long as we get the job
done. We have a great deal of foresight and examine every
avenue to ﬁnd the best solution. We prefer to work alone.
Though we fear failure and the lack of inﬂuence, we are
motivated by challenges and can often be excellent
administrators. We can beneﬁt from learning to relax and
paying more attention to people.
Malachi (Malachi 4), Nathan (2 Samuel 12:1-13), Nahum (Nahum 1-3)

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

2

I

We are inspiring and impressive. Enthusiastic, optimistic,
impulsive, and emotional - we tend to be creative problem
solvers and excellent encouragers. We often have a large
number of friends, but we can become more concerned
with approval and popularity than with getting results. Our
greatest fear is rejection, but we thrive when it comes to
motivating others. Our positive sense of humor helps us
negotiate conﬂicts. Though we can be inattentive to details
and poor listeners, we can be great peacemakers and
effective teammates when we control our feelings and
minimize our urge to entertain and be the center of
attention. We value lots of human touch and connection.

I/D We are persuaders who are outgoing and energetic. We
enjoy large groups and use our power of inﬂuence to attain
respect and convince people to follow our lead. Sometimes
we can be viewed as ﬁdgety and nervous, but it comes
from our need to be a part of challenges that have variety,
freedom, and mobility. We could beneﬁt from learning to
look before we leap and spending more time being studious
and still. We make inspiring leaders and know how to get
results from and through people.
John the Baptist (Luke 3), Peter (Matthew 16, 26, Acts 3), Rebekah
(Genesis 24)

I/S

We are inﬂuential counselors who love people, and it’s no
surprise that people love us. We live to please and serve,
and tend to be good listeners. Looking good and
encouraging others is important to us, as is following
through and being obedient. We often lack in the area of
organization and can be more concerned with the people
involved than we are with the task at hand. However, we can
be center stage or behind the scenes with equal
effectiveness, and we shine when it comes to inﬂuencing
and helping others.
Barnabas (Acts 4, 9, 11-15), Elisha (1 Kings 19, 2 Kings 2-3), Nicodemus
(John 3, 7, 19)

I/C We are inspiring yet cautious assessors who are excellent
communicators through the combination of concerned
awareness and appreciation of people. We excel in
determining ways to improve production. We tend to be
impatient and critical, and can also be overly persuasive
and too consumed by the desire to win. We like to work
inside the box, and we could beneﬁt from trying new things
and caring less about what others think. This personality
type often possesses a gift for teaching. We are generally
dependable when it comes to paying attention to details
and getting the job done.
Miriam (Exodus 15-21), Ezra (Ezra 7-8), Shunammite Woman
(2 Kings 4:8-37)
Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

3

S

We are steady and more reserved. We do not like change, and
thrive in secure, non-threatening environments. We are often
friendly and understanding as well as good listeners and loyal
workers who are happy doing the same job consistently. With
an incredible ability to forgive, reliable and dependable “S”s
tend to make the best friends. Our greatest fear, however, is
loss of security, and our possible weaknesses naturally include
not only resistance to change, but also difficulty adjusting to it.
We can also be too sensitive to criticism and unable to
establish priorities. In order to avoid being taken advantage of,
we need to be stronger and learn how to say “no.” We also like
to avoid the limelight, but when given an opportunity to
genuinely help others, we will gladly rise to the occasion. We
feel most valued when we have truly helped someone.

S/D We are quiet leaders who can be counted on to get the job
done. We perform better in small groups and do not enjoy
speaking in front of crowds. Though we can be soft and
hard-hearted at the same time, we enjoy close relationships
with people, being careful not to dominate them.
Challenges motivate us, especially ones that allow them to
take a systematic approach. We tend to be determined,
persevering through time and struggles. We beneﬁt from
encouragement and positive relationships.
Martha (Luke 10:38-42), Job (Job 1:5, James 5:11)

S/I

We are inspirational counselors who exhibit warmth and
sensitivity. Tolerant and forgiving, we have many friends
because they accept and represent others well. Our social
nature and desire to be likable and ﬂexible makes us inclined
to be overly tolerant and non-confrontational. We will beneﬁt
from being more task-oriented and paying more attention to
detail. Kind and considerate, we include others and inspire
people to follow us. Words of affirmation go a long way with
us, and with the right motivation, we can be excellent team
players.
Mary Magdalene (Luke 7:36-47), Barnabas (Acts 4, 9, 11-15), Elisha
(1Kings 19, 2 Kings 2-13)

S/C We are diplomatic and steady, as well as detail-oriented.
Stable and contemplative, we like to weigh the evidence
and discover the facts to come to a logical conclusion. More
deliberate, we prefer to take our time, especially when the
decision involves others. Possible weaknesses include being
highly sensitive and unable to handle criticism, and we also
need to be aware of the way we treat others. Operating
best in precise and cause-worthy projects, we can be a
peacemaker. This makes us a loyal team member and
friend.
Moses (Exodus 3, 4, 20, 32), John (John 19:26-27), Eliezer (Genesis 24)
Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

4

C

We are compliant and analytical. Careful and logical lines of
thinking drive us forward, and accuracy is a top priority. We
hold high standards and value systematic approaches to
problem solving. Though we thrive when given
opportunities to ﬁnd solutions, we tend to ignore the
feelings of others and can often be critical and down-right
crabby. Verbalizing feelings is difficult for us, but when we
are not bogged down in details and have clear-cut
boundaries, we can be big assets to the team by providing
calculated “reality checks.” Our biggest fear is criticism, and
our need for perfection is often a weakness, as is our
tendency to give in when in the midst of an argument.
However, we are thorough in all activities and can bring a
conscientious, even-tempered element to the team that will
provide solid grounding. We value being correct.

C/I We are attentive to the details. We tend to impress others
by doing things right and stabilizing situations. Not
considered aggressive or pushy, we enjoy both large and
small crowds. Though we work well with people, we are
sometimes too sensitive to what others think about us and
our work. We could beneﬁt from being more assertive and
self-motivated. Often excellent judges of character, we
easily trust those who meet our standards. We are moved
by genuine and enthusiastic approval as well as concise and
logical explanations.
Miriam (Exodus 15-21, Numbers 12:1-15), Ezra (Ezra 7, 8)

C/S We are systematic and stable. We tend to do one thing
at a time - and do it right. Reserved and cautious, we
would rather work behind the scenes to stay on track.
However, we seldom take risks or try new things and
naturally dislike sudden changes in our environments.
Precisionists to the letter, we painstakingly require accuracy
and fear criticism, which we equate to failure. Diligent
workers, our motivation comes from serving others.
Esther (Esther 4), Zechariah (Luke 1), Joseph (Matthew 1:1-23)

C/D We are cautious and determined designers who are
consistently task-oriented and very aware of problems.
Sometimes viewed as insensitive, we do care about
individual people but have a difficult time showing it. We
often feel we are the only ones who can do the job the way
it needs to be done, but because of our administrative skills,
we are able to bring plans for change and improvements to
fruition. We have a tendency to be serious and could
beneﬁt from being more optimistic and enthusiastic.
Despite our natural drive to achieve, we should concentrate
on developing healthy relationships and simply loving
people.
Bezalel (Exodus 35:30-36, 8, 37:1-9), Jochebed (Exodus 1:22-2:4),
Spirit of Life Church Discover Track
Jethro (Exodus 2,18)

5

“D” personalities are dominant, direct, task-oriented, decisive,
organized, outgoing, and outspoken. As you embrace these
strengths, also make sure to:






Listen attentively to others.
Support other team members.
Invest in personal relationships.
Balance controlling and domineering tendencies.
Value the opinions, feelings, and desires of others.

“I” personalities are inﬂuential, witty, easygoing, outgoing, and
people-oriented. As you embrace these strengths, also make
sure to:







Be aware of tasks that need to be accomplished.
Balance your emotions, words, and actions.
Remember to consider details and facts.
Slow down your pace for others when necessary.
Listen attentively to others instead of only talking.
Choose thoughtful decision-making over impulsive
decision-making.

“S” personalities are steady, stable, analytical, introverted, and
people-oriented. As you embrace these strengths, also make
sure to:







Take initiative.
Practice ﬂexibility.
Approach confrontation constructively.
Be direct in your interactions when necessary.
Realize change can be healthy and be willing to adapt.
Consider the overall goals of your family or group, not just
speciﬁc processes or procedures.

“C” personalities are compliant, competent, task-oriented,
goal-oriented, and introverted. As you embrace these strengths,
also make sure to:







Be decisive when necessary.
Cultivate personal relationships.
Be open to others’ ideas and methods.
Balance your focus between facts and people.
Focus on doing the right things, not just doing things right.
Help others accomplish their goals.

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

6

