DREAM TEAM DESCRIPTIONS

Administration Team
Our team uses our gift of administration to support Spirit of Life
teams by using computer skills, data entry, and attention to
details.
Age: 18+, Background check

Host Team
Our team brings a personal touch to our worship experiences by
assisting with people’s ﬁrst impressions in the foyer. We do this
through our Welcome Table, Greeters, and Coffee & Doughnut
Station.

Sunday Morning Support Team
Our team works behind the scenes to maintain and support
every area of our Sunday morning ministries. This includes
preparing worship guides, communion elements, providing other
products/materials, and baptism preparation.

*Outreach/Missions Team
Our team plans and coordinates various outreaches both on our
church property and in the city of Kearney and surrounding
areas. This team also helps with ideas and planning when it
comes to International and Local Missions support and short
term missions trips.
Background check

*Events Team
Our team serves at conferences and church-wide events by
setting up, decorating, facilitating meals and snacks, and tear
down.

*First Responders Team
Our team of health care professionals and those with special
certiﬁcation serves by providing basic medical care in the event
of an accident or emergency.
Medical certiﬁcation, Background check

Discover Track Team
Our team includes the class facilitator and hosts of the Discover
Track. The hosts are responsible for greeting guests and
providing materials and assistance to those discovering their
next steps at Spirit of Life Church.

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

1

Spirit of Life Kids Team
Our team invests in the lives of children through worship, Biblical
teaching, prayer, hands-on activities, personal interactions, and
games. We also facilitate the check-in process to ensure children
are cared for effectively and efficiently. This includes Nursery,
PreK Class, and K-5th grade Class.
Age: 18+, Background check

JV Dream Team
Our team is made up of youth ages 11 through 14 who serve in
our Spirit of Life Kids classes.

Spirit of Life Youth Team
Our team helps serve in our Youth Ministry through Wednesday
night Youth Group, camps, and conferences.
Background check

Worship Team
Our team facilitates a powerful worship experience through
vocals and instruments.
Background check

*Parking Team
Our team serves as the ﬁrst impression for those coming to
Spirit of Life Church by welcoming people coming and leaving
the property and by providing a safe and efficient parking
experience.
Age: 15+

Prayer Team
Our team provides prayer covering for services, teams, and
ministries at Spirit of Life Church.

Sound & Media Team
Our team assists in the production of the overall worship
experience, using audio, lights, cameras, and other visual
elements.

*Shut Down Team
Our team facilitates the shutting down of the building at Spirit of
Life Church after Sunday services and other services throughout
the year.

Connect Group Leaders/Hosts Team
Leaders and Hosts are trained to facilitate Connect Groups and
equipped to build relationships while helping group members
grow in their walk with God. Connect Groups are hosted both in
homes and on-site at Spirit of Life Church.
Background check
Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

2

Head Usher Team
Our team assists people to their seats, facilitates the offering,
and helps maintain a distraction-free service environment. This
team also meets monthly to discuss building needs and other
ways to serve our church family.

Sunday Morning Ushers Team
This team assists the Head Ushers during our Sunday morning
worship service.

Caring Team
This team ministers to those in need in our church family through
prayer, visitation, and meals.

Grounds Support Team
Our team assists Spirit of Life’s Maintenance Department with
the upkeep and beautiﬁcation of our church grounds and
landscaping.

Building Support Team
Our team focuses on the upkeep, cleaning, and preparing of the
inside of our church building for services and midweek ministries.

CarePortal
Our team coordinates the gathering and delivery of items to
needy families connected with DHHS. CarePortal is part of
Compass Nebraska. Spirit of Life Church is one of several
churches serving CarePortal needs.

*These Teams are not functioning at present time, but can be when those
gifted join the Dream Team.
**This list is not exhaustive. If you don’t see an area you are gifted in or
passionate about, talk to your facilitator about options to start a new Team.
Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

3

