SPIRIT OF LIFE CHURCH IS….

Presence Based
Connecting to God’s presence is the key to experiencing His life.
Moses’ cry to experience the glory of God was rewarded by
seeing His goodness pass before him. Everything that is good
and carries life is found in connection with Him. The goodness of
God is not only the cornerstone of theology, but is the
experience of those who encounter His presence.
“And he said, ‘Please show me Your glory.’ Then He said, ‘I will make all
My goodness pass before you, and I will proclaim the name of the LORD
before you. I will be gracious to whom I will be gracious, and I will have
compassion on whom I will have compassion.’ ”
Exodus 33:18-19

Grace Based
Everything was won at Calvary. We don’t ﬁght to victory, but
from His victory. It’s not our performance that saves us, but
growing in a sensitive, responsive heart and deep trust in our
Jesus. Christianity is not living our life for Christ, but Him
releasing His powerful life through us. We are not interested in
people living by a set of rules, but teaching them to show up
powerfully, in authentic display of who they are in Christ, and
releasing the inﬂuence of the greatness of God through their life.
“But now we have been delivered from the law, having died to what
we were held by, so that we should serve in the newness of the Spirit
and not in the oldness of the letter.”
Romans 7:6

Identity Based
Every person is over the top signiﬁcant to God. Every person is
God’s idea. Every person displays a part of God’s glory. Every
person has a destiny and purpose that writes a critically
important chapter in this eternal drama that is unfolding. We
cannot afford to have a single thought about ourselves that is
not God’s or it will war against what He created us for. Out of
identity ﬂows our destiny.
“For you died, and your life is hidden with Christ in God.”
Colossians 3:3

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

1

Supernatural Based
Nothing is impossible. Unlimited resource is available from the
kingdom of God. God created the earth to be a physical display
of His glory. Our conviction is that Jesus modeled the Christian
life. Every supernatural thing that happened through Him ﬂowed
directly from His intimate connection with His Father through the
Spirit of God. He died and rose to open all that for us. We were
created to be a gateway for bringing heaven to earth.
“And saying, ‘The time is fulﬁlled, and the kingdom of God is at hand.
Repent, and believe in the gospel.’ ”
Mark 1:15

Family Based
Everything in God’s kingdom ﬂows in relationships. He created
the entire universe because He wanted a family - sons and
daughters. Every time we build a structure that does not look
like family we are in trouble. We are intent on learning to live as
sons and daughters and raising up sons and daughters who are
like Him, displaying His glory.
“For this reason I bow my knees to the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ,
from whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named.”
Ephesians 3:14-15

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

2

