stepONE
discover your church

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

1

SPIRIT OF LIFE CHURCH STORY
The ministry of Spirit of Life Church traces its roots to a revival
crusade organized in Kearney, Nebraska in July of 1929.
Evangelist T.C. Newby was being used of God to impact cities
and towns throughout western and central Nebraska. The
evangelist had rented the Kearney Opera House where he hung
his large oil-painted prophetic chart in the front of the building
to attract attention. Crowds were attracted to this dynamic
presentation of the gospel of Christ and soon a large tent was
purchased for meetings that carried on through August. Many
individuals came to know Christ as Savior, were healed, and ﬁlled
with the Holy Spirit. From that move of God, a new Open Bible
church was organized in August of that year. This church
ministered faithfully to the city for nearly 67 years before closing
and selling its property in the summer of 1996.
In September of that same year, Greg and Kathleen Mast felt a
strong mandate from God to restart the church as a new Open
Bible Church. It was given the name Spirit of Life. The ﬁrst
service was held in October and Spirit of Life soon had a growing
group meeting at the Student Union on the campus of the
University of Nebraska in Kearney. In October of 2000, the
church rented facilities at Sunrise Middle School and continued
to grow and see people touched by Christ. In September of
2002, Spirit of Life made its third move to Horizon Middle School
and met there for almost three years. Property was purchased on
Dove Hill Avenue for a permanent location for the church, and
the ﬁrst phase of the building project began in the spring of
2004. On May 22, 2005, Spirit of Life Church held its ﬁrst service
on Dove Hill.
The call of God on this new church was actually birthed in the
mountains of Crested Butte, Colorado. A ﬁve-day period was set
aside to seek God’s direction for the new church being birthed in
Kearney. God spoke eight words prophetically into our spirits
during those days of seeking and prayer. We felt Him clearly say
to us; “I want you to be there for families.” Families are who
we are trying to reach at Spirit of Life. Since children and youth
are a part of families, we have from the beginning, worked to
include and minister to them. God spoke these words clearly to
us; “If you take care of my kids, I’ll take care of your church.”
Jonathan and Becky Lumbard moved to Kearney, Nebraska in
July 2010 to be a part of Spirit of Life Church. Jonathan came on
staff as the Leadership Pastor with the responsibilities of youth,
college age, young adults, and co-leading School of the Spirit
with his wife Becky. His responsibility was to raise up emerging
leaders in the local church. Then in March 2015, Jonathan and
Becky accepted the calling of God to be the Lead Pastors of
Spirit of Life Church following Pastor Greg and Kathleen’s
retirement.
Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

2

Our Mission
To develop fully transformed followers of Jesus Christ.

Our Vision
To help people Encounter the presence of God, to Grow in their
walk with God, and Release their gift from God to the world
around them.

OUR PRAYER FOR YOU
“I keep asking that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the glorious
Father, may give you the Spirit of wisdom and revelation, so that you
may know Him better. I pray that the eyes of your heart may be
enlightened in order that you may know the hope to which He has
called you, the riches of His glorious inheritance in His holy people.”
Ephesians 1:17-18

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

3

Our spiritual journey consists of three steps….
1.

ENCOUNTER
“(I pray)… that you may know Him better (personally).”
Ephesians 1:17-18
“And this is eternal life, that they may know You, the only true God,
and Jesus Christ whom You have sent.”
John 17:3

“Not everyone who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of
heaven, but only he who does the will of my Father who is in heaven.
Many will say to me on that day, ‘Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in
Your name, and in Your name drive out demons and perform many
miracles?’ Then I will tell them plainly, ‘I never knew you.’ ”
Matthew 7:21-23

2.

GROW

The Great Commandment:
"Jesus replied, 'Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all
your soul and with all your mind.' This is the ﬁrst and greatest commandment. And the second is like it: 'Love your neighbor as yourself.'
All the Law and the Prophets hang on these two commandments."
Matthew 22:37-40 NIV

Find Freedom
“(I pray)… that the eyes of your heart may be enlightened
(focused and clear).”
Ephesians 1:17-18
“Therefore confess your sins to each other and pray for each
other so that you may be healed.”
James 5:16

Discover Purpose
“(I pray)… that you may know the hope to which He has called
you.”
Ephesians 1:17-18
“We have different gifts, according to the grace given us.”
Romans 12:6
“All of you together are Christ’s body, and each of you is a part
of it.”
1 Corinthians 12:27 NLT
Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

4

3.

RELEASE

“But we have this treasure in jars of clay to show that this
all-surpassing power is from God and not from us.”
2 Corinthians 4:7 NIV

“This is to my Father’s glory, that you bear much fruit, showing
yourselves to be my disciples. I have told you this so that my joy
may be in you and that your joy may be complete.”
John 15:8, 11

“God has given gifts to each of you from His great variety of spiritual
gifts. Use them well to serve one another.”
1 Peter 4:10 NLT

The Great Commission:
“Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the
name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, 20 and
teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you...”
Matthew 28:19-20

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

5

ENCOUNTER GOD

Sunday Services

Sunday mornings are designed to provide a weekly passionate
connection with the presence of God and life changing revelation
in the Word of God. Periodic “Going Deeper” services and
“Breakthrough Prayer” services are designed for deeper, life
changing encounters with God.
We consider reaching people who do not know God personally
to be one of our greatest responsibilities. Our Sunday services
are for people at all stages in their spiritual journey but are
sensitive to those who do not yet have a genuine relationship
with God.

Our Sunday services focus on four values:
1.

Celebration

We believe church should be enjoyable.
“I was glad when they said to me, ‘Let us go into the house of the
Lord.’”
Psalm 122:1 NKJV

2.

Inspiration

We believe church should be a place where people experience
God’s presence.
“But…when some unbelievers or ordinary people come in, they will be
convinced of their sin by what they hear. They will be judged by all
they hear, their secret thoughts will be brought into the open, and they
will bow down and worship God, confessing, ‘Truly God is here among
you!’ ”
1 Corinthians 14:24–25 GNT

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

6

3.

Preparation

We believe church should be a place where people learn how the
Bible applies to their daily lives.
“So Christ Himself gave the apostles, the prophets, the evangelists, the
pastors and teachers, to equip His people for works of service, so that
the body of Christ may be built up.”
Ephesians 4:11–12

4.

Salvation

We believe church should be a place where people can accept
Jesus as their Lord and Savior.
“ ‘Everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.’ But how
can they call on Him to save them unless they believe in Him? And how
can they believe in Him if they have never heard about Him? And how
can they hear about Him unless someone tells them?”
Romans 10:13–14 NLT

How we share Christ with others
“Go out into the country...and urge anyone you ﬁnd to come, so that
the house will be full.”
Luke 14:23 TLB

As we continue to reach people far from God, every one of us
can do our part by following these four principles:
1. Accept the personal Responsibility.
2. Build a personal Relationship.
3. Share your personal Story.
4. Give a personal Invitation.

In our city, our nation, and our world
“You will be my witnesses in Jerusalem, and in all Judea and Samaria,
and to the ends of the earth.”
Acts 1:8

In addition to our efforts during Sunday services, we are focused
on reaching people in three key places designated by Jesus:
Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

7

1.

“In Jerusalem” Our City and surrounding communities
“Real religion, the kind that passes muster before God the Father, is this:
Reach out to the homeless and loveless in their plight.”
James 1:27 MSG

The primary way we reach our cities is through our Sunday services
and outreaches.

2.

“In Judea and Samaria” Our Nation

“As they traveled from town to town, they presented the simple guide lines
the Jerusalem apostles and leaders had come up with. That turned out to be
most helpful. Day after day the congregations became stronger in faith and
larger in size.”
Acts 16:4–5 MSG

The primary way we reach our nation is by being a part of Open Bible
Churches. We support the work of Open Bible nationally through
monthly ﬁnancial support.

3.

“To the ends of the earth” Our World

“And then he told them, “Go into all the world and preach the Good News to
everyone.”
Mark 16:15 NLT

The primary way we reach our world is through Global Missions giving,
supporting speciﬁc missionaries, and sending people on short term
missions trips.

How You Can Participate
1.

Pray

Pray that we might reach people in each of these areas with the Good
News of Jesus.
“Then He said to His disciples, ‘The harvest is plentiful but the workers are
few. Ask the Lord of the harvest, therefore, to send out workers into His
harvest ﬁeld.’ ”
Matthew 9:37-38

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

8

2.

Give

Give your time and resources to reach people for Christ.
“Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moths and vermin
destroy, and where thieves break in and steal. But store up for yourselves
treasures in heaven, where moths and vermin do not destroy, and where
thieves do not break in and steal. For where your treasure is, there your heart
will also be.”
Matthew 6:19-21

3.

Go

Go to our cities, nation, and world to serve others and show people the
love of God.
“Then I heard the voice of the Lord saying, ‘Whom shall I send? And who will
go for us?’ And I said, ‘Here am I. Send me!’ He said, ‘Go and tell this
people...’ ”
Isaiah 6:8-9

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

9

GROW IN YOUR WALK WITH GOD

A.

Connect Groups

We believe life change happens in the context of relationships.
Connect Groups bring people together, give an opportunity for deeper
growth and discipleship, and provide a safe environment to ﬁnd
freedom in our walk with God. God created us to live in community
with others, and it is only then that we can experience the full life He
intends for us.

Connect Groups provide three things:
1.

A place to Connect with others.
“Yes, whatever a person is like, I try to ﬁnd common ground with him so he
will let me tell him about Christ and let Christ save him.”
1 Corinthians 9:22 TLB

We were not made to do life alone. God created us for community, and
Connect Groups provide a place for you to connect with others, share
life, and grow in faith together.

2.

A place to Protect each other.

“We know what real love is because Jesus gave up His life for us. So we also
ought to give up our lives for our brothers and sisters.”
1 John 3:16 NLT

When we do life together, our problems become smaller as God uses
others to bring support and encouragement to our lives. Connect
Groups become a place where others don’t just know your name but
care about what is happening in your life and want to support you in
your spiritual journey.

3.

A place to Grow together.
“As iron sharpens iron, so one person sharpens another.”
Proverbs 27:17

We believe every person is created with God-given potential to make a
difference in the world. Connect Groups are a place you can grow with
others to become more like Jesus and reach the potential God has put
inside you.
Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

10

Spirit of Life Connect Groups Model
We base our Connect Groups model on the early church as described
in the Bible in the book of Acts. In Acts, you can read about how small
group meetings in homes and in the temple courts helped lay the
foundation for tremendous growth in the ﬁrst church in Jerusalem.

“Day after day, in the temple courts and from house to house, they never
stopped teaching and proclaiming the good news that Jesus is the Messiah.”
Acts 5:42

“You know that I have not hesitated to preach anything that would be helpful
to you but have taught you publicly and from house to house.”
Acts 20:20

Four things to know about Spirit of Life Connect Groups
1.

Our Connect Groups are “free market”

We want people to gather together based on things they enjoy and are
important to them. Essentially, the things you are already doing in your
life are the things that can make up your Small Group! From sports
groups to lunch groups, parenting groups to student groups, Bible
study groups to creative arts groups, our groups are as varied as we
are. All groups fall within eight hubs:

Men • Women • Marriage and Family • Students
Freedom • Prayer • Outreach • Financial

2.

There are three semesters every year

Life ﬂows in seasons, and we want to make it easy for you to be in the
right Connect Group for you in each season. This is why we have new
groups that start and stop three times a year in what we refer to as
“semesters.”
Winter/Spring - 13 weeks

Summer - 6 weeks

Fall - 13 weeks

January - May

June - August

September - December

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

11

3.

Everyone can join a Connect Group.

Our hope is for every person at Spirit of Life to be connected in
meaningful community through a Connect Group. With so many
groups to choose from, we are conﬁdent there is a group that is a
great ﬁt for you. You can ﬁnd what groups we have to offer online at
www.spiritoﬂifekearney.com/minsitries or contact the church office for
more information.

4.

Anyone can host a Connect Group

We believe hosting a Connect Group is simple because we all have
something to offer others. Whether it’s something you are passionate
about, an experience you’ve had that can help others, or an area in
which you are looking to grow, hosting a group is a great way to bring
people together in meaningful community.
To learn more about becoming a Connect Group leader, attend
Connect Group Leadership Training at Step Four of the Discover Track.
Even if you’re not sure if you’re ready to host a group, we invite you to
come to a training.

B.

Discover Track

The Spirit of Life Discover Track guides you to discover your
redemptive purpose and live the life God created for you. The Discover
Track is made up of four steps that equip you to 1) connect to the
church, 2) discover the strengths of your purposeful design, 3) develop
your personal leadership, and 4) use your God-given gifts to make a
difference in the lives of others. These are the next steps in your
journey to Encounter God, Grow in your walk with God, and Release
your gift from God in the world around you.
“Let us move beyond the elementary teachings about Christ and be taken
forward to maturity.”
Hebrews 6:1

“I have come that they may have life, and have it to the full.”
John 10:10

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

12

Spirit of Life Discover Track
stepONE – Discover Your Church
Explore the ministry of Spirit of Life Church and ﬁnd out how to
connect with our church. Step One takes place the ﬁrst Sunday of
every month.

stepTWO – Discover Your Design
Dive into the details of your personality, discover your gifts, and see
how your design reveals your purpose in life and your best ﬁt in
ministry. Step Two takes place the second Sunday of every month.

stepTHREE – Discover Your Leadership
Find out what it means to be a leader at Spirit of Life Church and learn
how you can strengthen your character and gifting to fulﬁll your
leadership potential. Step Three takes place the third Sunday of every
month.

stepFOUR – Discover Your Team
Connect to the opportunities available at Spirit of Life Church to live
out your purpose and serve others by using your God-given gifts. Step
Four takes place the fourth Sunday of every month.

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

13

RELEASE YOUR GIFT FROM GOD

Dream Team
All of us were created by God to make a difference in the world around
us. God has a place for you where your unique abilities and passions
can impact the lives of others. We believe your life will never make
sense until you ﬁnd, develop, and fulﬁll your purpose.
“For we are God’s handiwork, created in Christ Jesus to do good works,
which God prepared in advance for us to do.”
Ephesians 2:10

“However, I consider my life worth nothing to me, if only I may ﬁnish the race
and complete the task the Lord Jesus has given me.”
Acts 20:24

“Now God gives us many kinds of special abilities...and there are different
kinds of service to God [ministry]...All of you together are the one Body of
Christ and each of you is a separate and necessary part of it.”
1 Corinthians 12:4–5, 27 TLB

At Spirit of Life Church
We believe there is no great divide between the “ministers” and the
“congregation.” Everyone has something they can do to impact the
lives of others in the Kingdom of God. From our perspective, every
member of Spirit of Life Church is a minister, every person is gifted in
some area, and every task is important. Discover what you do well, and
take steps to use your gifts to make a difference.
You can start by joining the Dream Team at Step Four of the Discover
Track!

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

14

WHAT IS THE GOVERNMENTAL STRUCTURE OF SPIRIT OF
LIFE CHURCH?
“We are a pastor led, elder governed church endeavoring to equip
saints to do the work of the ministry.”
We are organized under what is referred to as the congregational form
of government. That means, the members of the church elect a Pastor,
ratify members of the Board of Elders and make decisions on serious
matters like the purchase of land and bylaw changes. This lays the
foundation for our Pastor led, Elder governed church.
At Spirit of Life our members vote on four things:
The Lead Pastor who will lead our church
The Elders who will govern our church
Major indebtedness like the purchase of land or buildings
Changes in the church bylaws
The church has an annual meeting to ratify elders and conduct any
business of the church requiring congregational approval. Special
meetings may be called when such needs arise.
The Lead Pastor is elected by the congregation and serves the body
by being the executive director of the fellowship. He provides overall
leadership and is responsible for the day to day function of the church.
He is in an accountability relationship with the Board of Elders.
Our Board of Elders, along with the Lead Pastor, provides general
oversight of the church, but is especially concerned with the spiritual
development and overall direction of the church.
The ﬁnancial committee, appointed by our Board of Elders, provides
oversight and accountability of the ﬁnancial matters of the church.
The pastoral staff, support staff, and leadership is appointed by the
Elders upon the recommendation of the Lead Pastor.

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

15

WHAT IS OUR AFFILIATION AT SPIRIT OF LIFE CHURCH?
We are affiliated with a cooperative fellowship of churches called
‘Open Bible Churches’. Our movement was formed as a result of a
fresh outpouring of the Holy Spirit that began in 1901. It ﬁrst occurred
in a Methodist Bible College in Topeka, Kansas but moved into various
denominational churches. This move of the Holy Spirit became
characterized by the most notorious behavior of “speaking in
tongues.” Two revival movements rose up during this outpouring. One
began in Eugene, Oregon in 1919 and the other in Des Moines, Iowa in
1932. They joined to form Open Bible Churches in 1935 with the
national office located in Des Moines. Today Open Bible has churches
throughout the United States and in 48 countries of the world.

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

16

CHURCH FINANCES

“Every Sunday each of you make an offering and put it in safe keeping. Be as
generous as you can. When I get there you’ll have it ready, and I won’t have
to make a special appeal.”
1 Corinthians 16:1–4 MSG

At Spirit of Life Church, we practice tithing for the support of Christ’s
body, the church, as God commands. We recognize that giving 10% of
our income is the Biblical standard for giving.
“Be sure to set aside a tenth of all that your ﬁelds produce each year.”
Deuteronomy 14:22–26

“Bring the whole tithe into the storehouse, that there may be food in my
house. Test me in this,” says the Lord Almighty, “and see if I will not throw
open the ﬂoodgates of heaven and pour out so much blessing that there will
not be room enough to store it.”
Malachi 3:10

Giving is one of the central themes in the Bible. Jesus talked more
about this subject than Heaven, Hell, or prayer. To understand what it
means to be a Christ-follower, we must also understand what it means
to be a giver.
1.

Tithe

The tithe, or “ﬁrst fruits”, of our labor/income belong to God. We ﬁnd
this principle all through God’s Word. Tithing, giving God the ﬁrst 10%
of our income to the local church, is the primary, practical way we
acknowledge that God is ﬁrst. (Proverbs 3:9–10)
2.

Offerings

An offering is giving over and above the tithe. The Bible says that by
giving generously, we are able to “take hold of the life that is truly life.”
You aren’t really living unless you are freely giving. (1 Timothy 6:18–19)

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

17

3.

The Gift of Giving

The gift of giving is a spiritual gift that God gives to some people.
(Romans 12:8) It is a Spirit-given capacity and desire to serve God by
giving of your material resources, far beyond the tithe, to further the
work of God.
Many people love to give to God and as they do, they want to feel
conﬁdent in the organization through which they give. At Spirit of Life,
we want people to understand they are giving to God through the
church, not to the church. As we openly share the honesty, integrity,
and spiritual values that guide the ﬁnancial practices of Spirit of Life,
we believe people can focus on what God is calling them to give and
trust that He is leading our church to steward it well. The giving of
tithes and offerings is worship to Jesus and an expression of the
relationship between the individual giver and the Lord.

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

18

BECOMING A MEMBER OF SPIRIT OF LIFE CHURCH

“You are a member of God’s very own family ...and you belong in God’s
household with every other Christian”
Ephesians 2:19 (TLB)

Key Truths
* The church is a family of Christian people demonstrating life under
the Lordship of Christ. (Colossians 1:17-18)
* God expects you to be members of a church family.
(Hebrews 10:25)
* Your purpose and your gifts are designed at some level to be
connected with a church family.

What it means to be a Member
The difference between attendees and members can be summed up in
one word: Commitment. Not a commitment to an institution, but to
each other!
We ask you to commit to membership for four reasons:
1.

A Biblical reason: Christ is committed to the church.
“Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her.”
Ephesians 5:25

2.

A Cultural reason: It is an antidote to our society.
We live in an age where very few want to be committed to
anything ... a job ... a marriage ... a country. We chose to
swim against the current and deeply commit to each other.
It is an unselﬁsh decision. Commitment always builds
character.

3.

A Practical reason: It deﬁnes who can be counted on.
Every team must have a roster. Every school must have an
enrollment. Every business has a payroll. Every army has
an enlistment. Even our country takes a census and
requires
voter registration. Membership identiﬁes our
family.
Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

19

4. A Personal reason: It produces spiritual growth.
The New Testament places a major emphasis on the need for
Christians to be accountable to each other for spiritual
growth. Accountability is able to happen when you’re
committed to a speciﬁc church family.

What is Expected of Me as a Member?
At Spirit of Life we never ask our members to do more than the Bible
clearly teaches. We only expect our members to do what the Bible
expects every Christian to do. These responsibilities are spelled out in
the Membership Covenant.

Spirit of Life Church Membership Covenant
Having received Christ as my Lord and Savior and being in agreement
with Spirit of Life statements, values, ideas, and structure presented in
Step One of the Discover Track, I now feel led by the Holy Spirit to
unite with the Spirit of Life church family. In doing so, I make the
following commitment to God and my fellow church members:
1.

I WILL PROTECT THE UNITY OF MY CHURCH

... By acting in love toward other members
... By refusing to gossip and resolving conﬂicts using Matt. 18:15-17
... By following the leaders

“Let us therefore make every effort to do what leads to peace and to mutual
ediﬁcation.”
Romans 14:19

“May the God who gives endurance and encouragement give you a spirit of
unity among yourselves as you follow Christ Jesus,”
Romans 15:5

“Love one another deeply, from the heart.”
1 Peter 1:22

“Do not let any unwholesome talk come out of your mouths, but only what is
helpful for building others up according to their needs, that it may beneﬁt
those who listen.”
Ephesians 4:29

“Obey your leaders and do what they say. They keep watch over your souls.
They have to tell God what they have done. They should have joy in this and
not be sad. If they are sad, it is no help to you.”
Hebrews 13:17 NIV
Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

20

2.

I WILL SHARE THE RESPONSIBILITY OF MY CHURCH

... By praying for its growth
... By inviting the unchurched to attend
... By warmly welcoming those who visit
“We always thank God for all of you, mentioning you in our prayers.”
1 Thessalonians 1:2

“ ‘Well, then,’ said his master, ‘go out into the country lanes and out behind
the hedges and urge anyone you ﬁnd to come, so that the house
will be full.’ ”
Luke 14:23 NLB

“Accept one another, then, just as Christ accepted you, in order to bring
praise to God.”
Romans 15:7

3.

I WILL SERVE THE MINISTRY OF MY CHURCH

... By discovering my gifts and talents
… By using my God-given gifts to make a difference in the lives of
others
... By being equipped to serve
... By developing a servant's heart
“It was he who gave some to be apostles, some to be prophets, some to be
evangelists, and some to be pastors and teachers, to prepare God’s people
for works of service, so that the body of Christ may be built up.”
Ephesians 4:11-12

“Each of you should look not only to your own interests, but also to the
interests of others. Your attitude should be the same as that of Jesus Christ…
made himself nothing, taking the very nature of a servant ….”
Philippians 2:3-4, 7

“Each one should use whatever gift he has received to serve others, faithfully
administering God’s grace in its various forms.”
1 Peter 4:10

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

21

4.

I WILL SUPPORT THE TESTIMONY OF MY CHURCH

... By attending Church and Connect Groups faithfully
... By living a growing and godly life
... By giving regularly
“Let us not give up meeting together, as some are in the habit of doing, but
let us encourage one another - and all the more as you see the Day
approaching.”
Hebrews 10:25

“Whatever happens, conduct yourselves in a manner worthy of the gospel of
Christ. Then, whether I come and see you or only hear about you in my
absence, I will know that you stand ﬁrm in one spirit, contending as one man
for the faith of the gospel.”
Philippians 1:27

“On the ﬁrst day of every week, each one of you should set aside a sum of
money in keeping with his income, saving it up, so that when I come no
collections will have to be made.”
1 Corinthians 16:2

“A tithe of everything from the land, whether grain from the soil or fruit from
the trees, belongs to the LORD; it is holy to the LORD.”
Leviticus 27:30
“They devoted themselves to the apostles’ teaching and to fellowship, to the

breaking of bread, and to prayer.”
Acts 2:42

To read through our full Statement of Faith see Appendix page 64.

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

22

NEXT STEPS

1.

Become a member of Spirit of Life Church.

Membership at Spirit of Life Church is not about adding your name to a
roster. It’s about connecting with the people and the vision of the
church. We would love for you to be a part.
2.

Join a Connect Group.

Browse our online Connect Groups page at spiritoﬂifekearney.com.
Once you ﬁnd a few groups that interest you, contact the leaders to
learn more and make plans to check them out in person.
3.

Complete all four steps of the Discover Track.

stepONE – Discover Your Church
stepTWO – Discover Your Design
stepTHREE – Discover Your Leadership
stepFOUR – Discover Your Team

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

23

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

24

