stepFOUR
discover your team

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

1

QUALITITES OF THE DREAM TEAM

“It pleased Darius to appoint 120 satraps to rule throughout the kingdom,
with three administrators over them, one of whom was Daniel. The satraps
were made accountable to them so that the king might not suffer loss. Now
Daniel so distinguished himself among the administrators and the satraps by
his exceptional qualities that the king planned to set him over the whole
kingdom.”
Daniel 6:1-3

1.

We Love God.

“When they saw the courage of Peter and John and realized that they were
unschooled, ordinary men, they were astonished and they took note that
these men had been with Jesus.”
Acts 4:13

Develop your Closeness With God.
Develop your Character.
Develop your Calling.

2.

We Love People.

“Jesus called them together and said, ‘You know that those who are regarded
as rulers of the Gentiles lord it over them, and their high officials exercise
authority over them. Not so with you. Instead, whoever wants to become
great among you must be your servant, and whoever wants to be ﬁrst must
be slave of all. For even the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to
serve, and to give His life as a ransom for many.’ ”
Mark 10:42-45

Be a Servant.
Be a Team Player.
Be Real.

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

2

3.

We pursue Excellence.

“People were overwhelmed with amazement. ‘He has done everything well,’
they said.”
Mark 7:37

Do Things Well.
Do them Before You’re Asked.
Do More than is expected.

4.

We choose Joy.

“…sorrowful, yet always rejoicing; poor, yet making many rich; having nothing,
and yet possessing everything.”
2 Corinthians 6:10

Be Enjoyable.
Be Positive.
Be Loyal.

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

3

MAKE A DIFFERENCE

1.

I want to make a difference.

“(God) saved us and then called us to this holy work. We had nothing
to do with it. It was all His idea, a gift prepared for us in Jesus long
before we knew anything about it.”
2 Timothy 1:9 MSG

2.

Doing something that makes a difference.

“Anyone who builds on that foundation may use a variety of materials gold, silver, jewels, wood, hay, or straw. But on the judgement day, ﬁre
will reveal what kind of work each builder has done. The ﬁre will show
if a person’s work has any value. If the work survives, that builder will
receive a reward. But if the work is burned up, the builder will suffer
great loss. The builder will be saved, but like someone barely escaping
through a wall of ﬂames.”
1 Corinthians 3:12-15

3.

With People who want to make a difference.

“Two are better than one, because they have a good return for their
labor.”
Ecclesiastes 4:9

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

4

TO BEGIN SERVING

1.

Complete the Dream Team application

2.

Participate in a one-on-one conversation with one of our
team members to make a personal connection to the team.

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

5

NEXT STEPS

You will be contacted by a team leader soon with your next steps to
begin serving with your team.
Congratulations on your completion of the Discover Track! You now
have the tools you need to take your next steps on your journey to
Encounter the Presence of God, Grow in your relationship with God,
and Release your gifts from God. As you connect with community in
Connect Groups and impact the lives of others by serving in your area
of gifting, you will see your relationship with God and your perspective
on life grow and change in amazing ways. We are excited for all that
God is about to do in and through you!

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

6

