stepTHREE
discover your leadership

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

1

DISCOVERING YOUR LEADERSHIP

“God has given each of you a gift from His great variety of spiritual gifts. Use
them well to serve one another.”
1 Peter 4:10 NLT

Leadership is inﬂuence. Nothing more. Nothing less. It is about
inﬂuencing others in a worthwhile cause. It is not dependent on titles
or positions. It is dependent on people discovering their gifts and
passions and then using them to make a difference in the lives of
others.

What stands in the way?
“But Moses said to God, ‘Who am I, that I should go to Pharaoh and bring the
Israelites out of Egypt?’ And God said, ‘I will be with you. And this will be the
sign to you that it is I who have sent you: When you have brought the people
out of Egypt, you will worship God on this mountain.’ ”
Exodus 3:11-12

1.

“Who am I?” Insecurity

2.

“What if they?” Fear

3.

“I have never.” Inadequacy

4.

“Use someone else.” Reluctance

“But you are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, His own
special people, that you may proclaim the praises of Him who called you out
of darkness into His marvelous light.”
1 Peter 2:9 NKJV

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

2

LEADER DECLARATION

Because God has called me to serve my generation, I will value
worship over wealth, “we” over “me,” character over comfort,
service over status, and God’s purposes over possessions,
positions, popularity, and pleasure. To my Lord and Savior Jesus
Christ, I say: However, whenever, wherever, and whatever You
ask me to do, my answer in advance is yes! Wherever You lead
and whatever the cost, I'm ready anytime, anywhere. I want to
be used by You in such a way that on that ﬁnal day, I'll hear You
say, “Well done, good and faithful servant. Come on in, and let
the eternal party begin!”

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

3

NEXT STEPS

1.

Attend stepFOUR of the Discover Track.
After completing Steps One, Two, and Three of the Discover
Track, become a part of the Dream Team by ﬁlling out a Dream
Team application. Start making a difference in the lives of others
at Spirit of Life Church!

Spirit of Life Church Discover Track

4

